[READY FOR MERGE] Update Scanning Docs with supply chain v2 (#3334)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/tanzu-supply-chain/scan-2-0-with-tanzu-supply-chain-overview.hbs.md

# Supply Chain Security Tools - Scan 2.0 with Tanzu Supply Chain

> This topic uses the same overview of Supply Chain Security Tools (SCST) - Scan 2.0 provided in the previous [section](../scan-2-0.hbs.md#overview) and covers how to create a Tanzu Supply Chain with SCST - Scan 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic provides an overview of using Supply Chain Security Tools (SCST) - Scan 2.0 with Tanzu Supply Chains (beta).  This section is only applicable if you are evaluating the beta release of Tanzu Supply Chains.
```

Trying to be very clear here that most users don't need to follow this.
